Add support for ternary match kind to eBPF backend (#7)
osinstom/p4c-1: backends/ebpf/psa/README.md

- DirectCounter and DirectMeter externs are not supported for P4 tables with implementation (ActionProfile).
- The `xdp2tc=head` mode works only for packets larger than 34 bytes (the size of Ethernet and IPv4 header).
- `value_set` only supports the exact match type and can only match on a single field in the `select()` expression.
- The number of entries in ternary tables are limited by the number of unique ternary masks. If a P4 program uses many ternary tables and the `--max-ternary-masks` (default: 128) is set 

>   to a high value, the P4 program may not compile due to the BPF complexity issue (the 1M instruction limit exceeded). This is the limitation of the current implementation of the TSS algorithm that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to a high value, the P4 program may not load into BPF subsystem due to the BPF complexity issue (the 1M instruction limit exceeded). This is the limitation of the current implementation of the TSS algorithm that
```

  requires iteration over BPF maps. Note that the recent kernel introduced the [bpf_for_each_map_elem()](https://lwn.net/Articles/846504/) helper that should simplify the iteration process and help to overcome the current limitation.

> - Setting a size of ternary tables does not currently work. 

Reviewer: In some way it works for tuples, not whole table
